Create a sort of mission document (#3)
devcontainers-community/.github: README.md

The [@devcontainers-community]'s mission is to be a **centralized source** for
**well-maintained** features that are of **high-quality** similar to those of
the official [@devcontainers] organization, but for more **popular tools and
languages**.

We want to avoid atrophy by investing into the _community-based_ approach to
maintenance that has been successful in other communtiy orgainzations like
[@asdf-community]. This means making it as easy as possible to contribute. 🤝

This is, however, a _fallback option_ for languages and tools that do not have
official awesome-tool/devcontainer-features or related repositories to
self-maintain within that community. If you are an individual who is part of a
popular tool, consider [authoring your own feature repository]! ❤️

If you're interested in joining this organization, that's awesome! 🤩 Open a
Discussion and let's chat! If you just want to add a new feature, check out our
[feature contribution guide]! 🌟

## Scope

Here's some specific examples of things that are in scope for this organization:

> - Maintaining popular language features, images, and templates that
>   [@devcontainers] does not cover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintaining popular language Dev Container Features, and Dev Container Templates that
  [@devcontainers] does not cover
```

Since maintaining images is very effort intensive, I would recommend starting with only Features and Templates.
If we distribute Docker images, we will need to start to create the build system (like I did in https://github.com/rocker-org/devcontainer-images)

Author: Good idea! I like it.

> - Onboarding existing trusted community members who have maintained devcontainer
>   features, images, or templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Onboarding existing trusted community members who have maintained Dev Container
  Features, or Templates
```
